The program provides 10 independent timers, for counting down
or up. They can run up to 100 hours with an accuracy of 1 second.

You can switch to an individual window for each timer or watch all ten of them
at the same time. When you use the option "All", you can only Start and Stop
the timers, for the settings you must go to the individual page of each timer.
To get back to the "All" tab from any of the 10 timer tabs, you can click the
left pointing arrow icon. To get to one of the 10 timer tabs from the "All" tab,
just click at the blue (stopped) or read (running) apprearing time field.

When a timer is set to "count down", an alarm dialog box appears
when the timer has reached zero. The box can display a user configurable
message and shows the Identifier of the specific timer and the time it was 
set to. An alarm sound is played until the message box is closed, if sound
is configured to be played. If several timers have run up until you have closed
their message boxes, they are still waiting for you to close them, starting from
the one that has run up last.

To each timer, an individual text string can get assigned  as an "Identifier", for 
helping to remember what the timer was meant for.

The settings of each timer are saved to disk on program shutdown and when the
window gets iconized, and automatically reloaded when the program is started again.
A timer that was not stopped is reloaded in "Paused" state, that means, you have
to press "Resume" first, in order to make the timer go on counting.

If the Checkbox "Resume on Startup" is checked and the timer is running or paused
on program shutdown, the timer starts as soon as the program is started again.

There are 3 items to operate in the SYSTEM MENUE (click the Icon of the program
window, or press Alt+Spacebar). You can make the program appear iconized
when started (in the system tray), make it stay "Always on Top" and call an 
About Box.

You can move the program to the System Tray by clicking it's "Minimize" Button
on the top right side of the window. When it is in the System Tray, you can open it
again by left clicking the icon once, or by clicking it with the Right Mousebutton and
use the first option "Show Timer".

Tips for using Multi Timer:
Some dialog controls are disabled (that means, you are not able to change or operate them),
when either 1. The timer is running, or 2. The timer is set to "count up". Only those controls that
can be reasonably changed at any given time are activated, to prevent false operations.

It is recommended to give each timer an individual name for easy recognition.
The tab changes to the newly assigned ID when the ID edit box loses focus or when the tabs
are changed.

From the initial window you can go directly to each timer by clicking either the tabs
on top of the window OR THE BLUE/RED DIGIT STRING  that stands for each timer.

A red digit string in the "All" window stands for a running and "unpaused" timer, a blue
one for a stopped or running, but "paused" timer.

When you hold the mouse cursor over a digit string in the "All" tab, the title (ID) of the respective
timer appears as a TOOL TIP.

When you use Multi Timer often, I recommend to choose the option "Start Iconized"
in the System Menue and putting a link to the program into your "Autostart" folder (Windows/
Startmenue/Programs/Autostart), for automatically starting the program in the System Tray 
each time you start Windows.

For uninstalling the program, simply delete the folder that contains the program and, if you like,
also the file "MultiTimer.ini" inside your Windows directory.

If you provide a sound file "alarm.wav" which has to reside in the same folder as the program,
this is played instead of the built-in sound.

This program is FREEWARE, enjoy!

Author:
Johannes Wallroth, Berlin, Germany

You may use and distribute this program without limitations.

Visit my homepage www.programming.de for other free programs and tutorials